1)	What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

	Git creates a hidden directory with .git extention holding all the metadata it needs to keep ttracking any changes made on the directory.

	I need to type "git init" to start using version-control provided by git.	

2)	How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

	A staging area is an intermidate point between working directory and the repository. It helps to organize commit history more logically in the repository. For ex, each time I make a commit, I can choose which files I want to commit, and which files are not related to the current working point.

3)	How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

	By using staging area, I can control which files are ready to be commited, while others that are not staged are not. In this way, I can determine the logical change in the file history.

4)	What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

	In situations like I want to experiment with a new feature. In this case, branching could help me not worrying corrupting the original production code. I can checkout to the original anytime I want.

5)	How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
	
	The diagrames give me an overview of all the commits I've made before. By viewing diagrams, I can get a sense of what the whole picture looks like in a second. And knowing that which branch I am currently on. And which branches others are currently working on.

6)	What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

	The result is git will try to create a new commit where both branches latest commits are its parents.
	Try to visualize the merging process.

7)	What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?
	
	Pros:

		People dont get involved everytime when a merge is made

	Cons: 

		Now, I just haven't had any good ideas
	


